big data for dead people -meta note

so here i am. taking notes. 

who, I wonder, will read these words that I have so carelessly tossed into the void, torn thoughtlessly from my thoughts, words which though I think now but may disappear tomorrow? Oh faceless crowd! O nameless jury! Why are you reading this? It is better for words to disappear into the air, to spiral upwards to the cloud; that is more natural; words come from dreams and return to dreams. Let there be no permanence in them - then I cannot regret them later. 

Take notes! What does it mean! Shall I summarize the authors points? Then surely indeed there is no need for you to read this. The servant is never greater than his master - these notes, a subserviant summary of the father, is truly not worth reading when one can read the original. 

But no - they say (who is they? myself or others?) it is more than a summary. One must note in your notes the thoughts that fall upon me like a flurry of atoms as I read, record the deep profundities it inspires within me as I think about the ideas there contained, one must describe your objections, add your additions, make your connections. 

Oh, if I were to write down all my fleeting thoughts! What a depressing spiral of self-hatred it would be! God, what am I doing with my life! What am I thinking? Focus on the article. Just read it and stop talking. People are watching. Don't let them know. I'm doing everything wrong. Noooo....

Nevermind about that. Forget about yourself. This is scholarly, scholarly! But I can't seperate myself from it. I can only write for me. These other people watching me! I'm on a stage! What shall I say? What shall I do? 

The masses (so arrogant) await my very word - they listen in high anticipation to hear what deep thoughts will now tumble from my mouth and .... I freeze, afraid to disapoint them. 

My thoughts aren't deep, my thoughts aren't wise. I barely know anything. If these are notes everyone is going to see, they have to be amazing. But I'm not amazing. 

I can't even spell disapoint right. What do you want from me?! I'm sure whatever you want you can find it elsewhere, forgetting about me. I don't know what to write about! I suck at taking notes! Why! 

....nevermind.

I... just want to be clear here. Open, you could say. With you and myself. Forget about it! I hope you will not expect a lot when you read these notes. If you do not expect a lot, then I don't have to expect the impossible of myself. Instead, I will just write what I write.  
