encoding my transcription ("Negro Slavery" by Macauley)

meh. seems like a lot of work. I'll do it later.

Okay, it's later. Better get cracking!

First I will look at the page in context to try and understand what is going on. Who is "he?". 

Dr. John Williamson

a man with no history  (aka no wikipedia article)
name held by many men, but nothing regarding this guy
so what do I put for website then?
i guess I'll just not fill out that part
birth and death also an estimation

do I have to put this everytime they mention him? Seems redundant. well why not.

for these things should I only tag them when they are nouns? or when they are modifying something else? 
For example I don't think I need to put "West India proprietors" as a placename, even though West India is a place.
In this case West India is an adjective

but for something like "Mr. Cooper's information", should I tag Mr. Cooper?
it's the genitive case, yeah? 
i suppose I should put it in maybe.
now i have to find intel on this guy ugh.

for place names... it doesn't have to be just cities? how do you write that? just put in place name?
west indies is a big place where are the coordinates?
whatever I'll go to google maps and just find a place in the carribean to link to. like right in the middle where the water is. that's generic enough

for Jamaica... 
I guess I'll link to coordinates of capital or something

oh wow look at the time I have to go I'll be back later.

I'm back!

let's go! Never give up!

I think I got most of the places and person. Really its only one person mentioned again or again so I'm sure it's no big deal if i don't tag them all. (is it?)

Oh wait I forgot Mr. Cooper. Who is this guy? probably from earlier in the text. back we go.

claims okay claims. 
man. _i_ have to evaluate these claims? Man, I don't know what's true or not. how should I know? I am not certain about anything. 

whats the citation anyway? Like, the page number? or what?

i need more information about this. must find faq or something

well I'll just do a few for fun, maybe not very accurately....

I'm done! Let's try it!

...and it doesn't work. :P


